All right welcome back my student.
It's time for us to learn about thinker thinkers a little command tool that we have.
Well it works with BICI already setting the right but is this little toys going to allow us to play
around with our database school think or t.
K e r.
All right.
Now we can play with a database we can create objects and we can insert data into basically the craw
to create read up day in the lead in a database and we can even check for relationships we can do a
lot of stuff here without messing around with route's or the browser or anything like that.
So let's let's go ahead and see how we can access this little tool that is really handy.
It comes really handy right.
So what we do is we say BHP artisan thinker center and now we are inside a thinker.
You see this.
So HP tells you the PC version that he's using by Justin hillmen and whatever he'll hillmen.
All right.
So how do we play around with thinker.
Let's actually in on data.
OK.
Our table.
Let's actually look.
Table before we do that.
So we had three records here.
OK.
We're going to insert a fourth record.
So that way you can see that it does work.
OK.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to create a variable in thinker.
All right.
And they're going to access the namespace of the model I want to use which is post.
Then we're going to call that create method which is a static method right.
And I'm just going to go like this.
Just basically the same thing with doing the route but inside thinker.
So we're going to put the title BHB from BHB post from thinker.
We would do that.
Contemned this is going to take an associate of array remember that.
And here is the speech content.
I think something like that.
I'm just playing around with it.
Enter.
We have an arrow there let's go back and we
content
.
The reason why he's doing this is because we don't have an array here.
All right so make sure that you have an array and we enter and now you can see that we have a new title
.
I mean a new post would it id number five and you can see this information here.
Now if you want to ask is that a game if you want to see it you can click them.
You can write post and click enter again it would give you that article again they just created that
post.
So we come here to the beach we miasm menu refresh you can see that new data here.
Now you can also
play around with it for entering data.
So you can say I'm going to create another force here
and I'm just going to say I'm just going to create the object.
OK.
Like this answer.
Whoops
.
Undefined constant.
All right.
So I'm going to create this for a quick post.
Oh I was forgetting something.
I know it.
Sorry about that guys.
There we go.
Well just got to see a new post.
OK.
So I just created a object with new polls.
Right.
So now if I want to see the object I go post Antar and that's the object.
Now we can go heading out the properties like this and we can assign values to them.
So I can say new title from this object.
Yea.
I say yea enter now you can see that a fight try to pull up the object.
We have a title for the object right.
Now keep in mind that this has not been persisted.
It has not being entered into the database yet so let's refresh and you can see that it's not here.
So we can play around with it as we can build the object involved in not put anything there.
So I can come here again and I can say content Yeah maybe I'm coding.
Actually I got escaped.
I'm coding actually getting to because I already have the double quotes.
That's fine on coding and doing some or something like that.
That's cool answer.
And you can see if we pull out the object.
Now we have two pieces of information right.
We have the title and we have the conta if you want to save it to the database.
Super simple post.
And then we call the Save method right into whoops
parsed syntax on Expect Oh I forgot my
my Dahlia's sorry Antar is true.
That means he was saved.
OK we can bring it back and you can see it has been saved with the updated created and everything.
And if we go back to my admin is click on refresh and we can see that new data has been into all the
fields that we need.
Pretty cool stuff right.
But anyway on the next election I'm going to show you some more thinker commands and how we can do all
the things with data which is pretty cool.
Thank you so much for watching.
I'll see you in the next lecture